First thing I wanna say is that I'm sorry for taking so long with this, I genuinly forgot that I had to link my account up. This is my old account that I made a while back that I never really used, hence the username.

1. I've built my own computer. From the ground up. 
2. I've USED all of them, but I'm most confortable with Windows and iOS, which I use for my computer and phone respectivly. I also do mean ALL of them, even MS-DOS (both through DOSBOX and through virtual machines), and I've even played with a Commodore 64, though it was through an emulator and not real hardware.
3. I've used word, excel and powerpoints before, obviously, but I've also logged countless hours in photoshop and blender, sometimes for school and others for simply making stuff. 
4. I have experience in both, actually. I took a two-year programming class my softmore and junior years of high school at SST (which actually gave me credits for a degree here), which taught me Python, C#, Java, and C++. As for web development, for senior year, I was tasked with designing a product/service I was going to present for my economics class, and I like many of my peers decided to make a website. Unlike my classmates, however, who used tools like Google Sites or Squarespace and the like, *I* wanted my website to look like it had come straight out of 1999, meaning those websites would end up hurting me more than helping, as they're designed to make your website look, you know, not like you peddle pirated Slipknot mp3s that are actually a bunch of viruses in a trench coat. This meant I had to learn myself some HTML and CSS, and by god I did. I'm actually really proud of what I managed to accomplish, because it really looks god awful, and that was the joke I was going for. 
5. I don't really use a lot of "mobile" applications, mostly because I don't get out much and therefore don't really use my phone(Why bother watch YouTube on a phone when I can do it on my PC?), but if I had to take a shot in the dark, my most used app would be YouTube, as I use that for both videos AND music. Also, no offense, but I don't know anyone who really USES wikis. Like yeah, I might end up on Wikipedia or whatever when I google something, but I have never met a single person in my life who wakes up and thinks to themself "Hmm... Today I will use Wikipedia." 
